what's up guys this is 20 today I'm
going to show you how to get the Android
lock on you iPhone let's start it guys
first you have to go to the Syria if we
haven't like jority your device you have
to go ahead and jailbreak your device
I'm gonna give you the link on my
description now just go ahead and just
click on Syria and then you have to go
to the manage and just go to the add
sorry and just go to the add and here
you have to write the you have to write
the sued yet dot X lies dot-coms less so
go ahead and the step and hit go ahead
and do answers I have already happy
right here so I'm not gonna do that just
type the Cydia X lies that comes last
so now now you have to go to the search
here you have two answers you have to
type Android clock XT just click on
first one guys and then go ahead and
click install and just come from it and
it's currently running so what for a
while guy now just go ahead and click
restart springboard so just wait but now
it's gonna pop up like this so just go
ahead and click OK
so just now go to the city and here you
have to go to the all the way down and
just click on Android log X T and just
click enable and you can go ahead and
the change part and and just click and
you want
so go ahead and back and now I'm gonna
show you guys it's gonna work on my
phone that's how you're gonna get the
Android unlock so thank you for watching
this video guys if you have any comment
on regarding this video please let me
know and and click online and don't
forget to subscribe me